1. You check the PCAP file and see you cant get anything out of it unless you have the TLS/SSL key.
2. You check the disk image for anything related to the TLS/SSL key and you find the environment variable SSLKEYLOGFILE that points to the file that logs the TLS session secrets (pre-master/master keys) used during HTTPS connections. If you read online about SSL key logging you will find that it's usually registered in environment variables under the variable SSLKEYLOGFILE, simple googling on it would tell you everything and where would the evnironment variables be stored in registries, in our case is under SYSTEM (Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\ControlSet001Control\Session Manager\Environment).
3. You can go to the file's path from the environment variable SSLKEYLOGFILE = "C:\ProgramData\Microsoft\Wlan\wlanstats.dat" and export the file "wlanstats.dat".
4. Now you can use it in wireshark, go to preferences then under protocols got to TLS and upload it to (Pre)-Master-Secret log file name. Now you will be able to read the https traffic.
5. You can get the ip of the attacker's from the service he is hosting using  the filter `dns.qry.name contains "login"`, becaus you know there is a login portal you would find it in the answers of a query response in DNS protocol for login.sand-vault.com
the answer: "188.166.195.55"
you can also check the http packets manually under the http filetr till you reach the redirection and creds being sent to the attacker and so on. The other IP can be found in a cookie in any stream related to the attacker's domain ("login.sand-vault.com"), or any packet involving ip "188.166.195.55" other than the dns packets. The part from the cookie that holds the IP is MSCC. MSCC=167.71.34.128-US, so the other IP is 167.71.34.128. 
6. 2nd question asked for the endpoint that the victim was directed to during the initial stage of the phishing attack, since "directed to" was said you can check 302 status using the filter http.response.code == 302 and you go to the first packet related to the attacker's IP, follow the http stream and you see the endpoint he was directed to, which is /login.srf
7. 3rd question's answer you can find along the http stream in clear text. username = captain_osama@outlook.com, password = blingblong4cricketcaptain.
 